we don't have a truck fest in the US and
so this is really something that's like
a bear for Tucker people and doing dirt
bikes and monster trucks n P of X bikes
there's so much to do here so much fun
most of the third year now I'll actually
commented request it's just good to sell
my friends obviously everyone comes it's
a perfect people and I'll and obviously
for the public school my cell as well
it's good for me and we've actually got
sunshine this year it's make a change
I think it is a different crowd here at
drunkfest their own really up for it
pretty hardy Bunch we've been on the
Mercedes stand for watching the last
three years and we've got a really great
relationship with us they've helped us
with the vehicles i said i've got the
sprinter and the veto on our show and we
do get to look at some of the trucks
obviously the the actress was the big
thing last year and i'm hoping to get
back up there again this year and have a
little work little sitting there for 10
dry do the trucker bit
it's amazing actually I mean I heard
about it didn't quite know it was going
to be as enormous as this and it's such
a great day what a great day to have it
as well the trucks look amazing it's
really good fun great sales
mmm
you